Colors are easy, right? It is one of the first things you learn as a young child. Red, Orange,
Yellow, green, blue, purple, white, black, gray, brown, pink. And then when you learn
In other languages, all you have to do is learn new words that refer to the same colors.
But this is not the case. This color scheme, which is in English, with its beautifully defined names,
Do not move one by one into other languages.
Quick disclaimer: I'm the most basic thing here. Look at the references if you want to
Learn more details.
The most common differences, or at least the most variability, are research
The blue and green universe is two different colors, or two different degrees of the same color
It is called the English guo, "Azzar". The Vietnamese language, for example, uses the same word or basic word
For blue and green, so that it can literally be translated into a greener paper, or greener ocean
Does this seem strange? It should not seem so, it's just a simple change, where you usually draw a line of difference
On the circle of color grading. On the other hand, the Greeks did not classify colors
Depending on the degree of color, but depending on the degree of illumination. So they had one word, a single keyword, for blue, green, and dowakin structures
And one word for the darkest greens, greens and greens
We use one word, blue, for very different colors, but in Russian, there are two different words
What we call blue is dark and light blue, and this should not seem so strange
For English speakers, because this is exactly what we do with dark red and light red
Or what we call it, pink
In 1969, Brent Berlin and Paul Gai published a book claiming that they had followed a development
Colors in languages. As Berlin said, the languages ​​begin only with words
For cold dark colors and light hot colors, then gain a word for red, then green and yellow
Then blue, brown, and the rest of what is called in English, the spectrum
There is some debate about the accuracy of this, and with some controversy, I mean that really is
A controversial subject in linguistics, and has remained for decades, I quickly browse the principles here
But there are blocks of research that deal with deep-seated allegations
I am not even qualified to discuss it, many linguists with impressive degrees
They have very tough and highly divergent views about this
Something as simple as color differences highlights how translation can be done
And intercultural communication to be complex, and this argument goes deeper than this
It looks at whether the words we know and the languages ​​we learn affect how we interpret them
To the world, or reflect our current interpretations. Answer: I do not know, no one really knows
Not yet. The answer may be somewhere between, because the language is complex
People are complicated, and sometimes things are not just black or white
I really need to write better verbal manipulations
Omar Othman